√ Make RCurl a suggestion
√ Server functions (solr POSTing code) should require("RCurl")

√ Local mode (!i_can_has_internetz): should not use RCurl, activates when asked for by the user.


√ Make a "custom" mode that can be started when helpr needs to be done through the custom handler

 This needs changes to sinartra to make this easy to implement.  A router
 should have a base URL, which is automatically stripped from the incoming
 url, and is automatically added to outgoing URLs for redirect.


√ Move depends to imports (everything apart from rjson), so they don't clutter
    the user's workspace.
  
  √To do this, you need to move them from Depends to Imports in the
    DESCRIPTION, and add @import highlight, sinartra, ... in the package
    documentation rdoc. No function call should have :: in front of it.

* Create helprServr and move all server related code out of helpr and into
 helprServr

* Replace all uses of system curl with RCurl.











indexing packages...
  These don't work
    BoolNet, cwhmisc, epitools, multxpert, networksis, openair, pequod, pgirmess, qtl, simone, TeachingSampling 



Solr
  √index all internal functions of each function
    √add list to source page
  √similar solr?
    √find documents similar to the one looking at
  √return answers
    √more truncation
      √ (smaller results) set to 70 chars
    √just give answer, not from where (no title necessary)
    √highlight results on next page (javascript to inspect for referrer, extract q param and then match)
  √Change Solr params into ?a=5&b=6
  


New
√  loading a package while you wait needs a screen to tell you that
√  change log stuff
√  allow install of single package
√  make the search bar disappear if solr is not available
√  add to topic page what similar functions exist in sidebar
    Solr

Fix Pages
FAIL - find out how to find out if a topic is a function or not without loading the package
  REWORK - reorganized the package page to make it independent.  Also used keywords for grouping.
√ - add in the footer, description, and readme that this is "funded by Revolution Analytics"

Writing
REVIEW - two paragraph description of "why this is helpful" and "why you should use it"



? fix topic space for internal function stuff
